Now that we know what to do with our card list component we can actually take it a step further.
So earlier we weren't just passing children in and rendering it between R outside div but we don't actually
want to do that because right now our app component is actually the one that is currently responsible
for mapping over that list of monsters and then creating those elements.
But we actually want to give that responsibility to the card list component because the card list component
should be the one responsible for listing the cards.
So let's actually move this into it.
So first what we're gonna do is we actually don't need this anymore.
This is completely unnecessary.
We're going to pass in the monsters as a prop from our app component and then we're going to move this
into the card list so we know that we don't need the children anymore instead we're going to generate
it ourselves.
And it's not off state it's off of the prompts so if we do this everything should stay the same which
it does which is awesome because now our app doesn't have to worry about creating those monster cards
right the card list component is the one that's responsible for it which is great because that should
be the responsibility of the card list component.
But what the card lists component is not going to be responsible for is deciding how this component
will look.
So yes we could create our element and add those images all here right.
But then we don't want to do that because we actually want our card list component to not have to think
about that.
It should only think about what it should add right.
It should only think about rendering them.
It should actually think about how to create them.
So we're gonna make a new component to do that and that component is going to be a card component so
let's make a card folder in our components folder and inside let's make a new card dock component.
Jess X and we need to import react like we always do.
And we're going to export this constant card which is going to be a new functional component that will
return a div.
And inside we're just going to make it the same thing that we had earlier.
Right.
Now this key actually is still going to go on our component.
We're going to make sure to do that because we want react to still be aware that if any of these monsters
update I only want you to update that one element that gets affected right now that we know that what
we want to do is we no longer have access to the monster in the scope.
So what we've got to do is we're gonna pass that monster the same way we passed monsters into the props
from our app dot J.S. Right.
We passed monsters in.
We're going to do the same thing and we're gonna pass an individual monster into our card component
so we're gonna do prop stop monster here And make sure to add its first import the card
card component oh we actually don't need any of that and then we've got to pass a monster into our card
component.
Right.
So we're passing monster into the card component and the card component gets it from the props and displays
the name.
And if we check it stays the same which is awesome.
That's exactly what we're looking for.
Now to add the styling to make it look closer to our actual application just like before I have the
styles already written for you guys.
We're just gonna do the same thing that we did last time.
We're gonna make a new card DOD style CSX and then we're gonna use this card container class and the
styling for it inside of our car.
Well I forgot to import of course.
Don't forget that we gotta import those thousand to our far.
Now we see this card has all of these styling on it right.
Just like before.
It just doesn't have the image anymore but just like our final application it's trying to look much
closer now.
Where do we get the image.
The image I actually get from this Web site called robo hash.
And from robo hash it's very easy to get unique images of these funky looking monsters just based on
a changing number that you pass to the URL which is really great for our purposes so we are going to
add a new image right with an alt text of Monster and we're going to do our source which is robo hash
except instead of this number we are going to add are props dot monster dot I.D. because the I.D. is
a unique number.
And then this is what's called a You are all parameter.
So with this parameter I'm essentially saying to use this set of images and it's all on the Web site.
You can see what other parameters you can add but another great one we can add a size.
So if we add an amber sand we can say size equals and I want to do 180 by 1 80.
Now if we save and we look at our image we see that it's there.
We see we have these robo images and we have our names and now we're looking really close to our final
application so let's just add the email as well.
And instead of an H one let's use an H2 and then AP and let's just do props dot monster dot email
and now when we look we see it looks exactly like what we have in our application awesome.
So now in the next section what I'm going to add is the actual search bar and we're going to see how
we can filter out and add more functionality to our components.